This project aims to assess development skills suitable for a backend developer position. It tests knowledge and proficiency with software design, unit testing, and web technologies like HTTP and REST/GraphQL.
"https://www.howtographql.com/graphql-go/2-queries/"
Project Name
Tigerhall Kittens
Project Goal
Create a small web app for tracking the population of tigers in the wild
Technology
Golang
Deliverables
The solution should be hosted on gitlab, Github or any other shared platform, and the link should be sent to antoine@tigerhall.com & aditi@tigerhall.com
Deadline
10 days from receiving the assignment unless another agreement has been made.



Description
Users can use a fictional mobile app to add sightings of tigers in the wild. For this to work, our API must expose a list of tigers and their recent sightings.

Requirements
Design your API using RESTful or GraphQL (Bonus points for GraphQL)
Either solution should be properly documented for frontend developers to consume
All listing endpoints should include support for pagination
All create endpoints should be protected by authentication
Using a message queue for when a tiger has been sighted, send a notification email to all the users that have reported a sighting of the same tiger

Note: If done correctly, Golang channels are a perfectly acceptable message queue implementation.
Make sure your code has unit tests and if you want to stand out we suggest an e2e test or two!
The data should be persisted in a database of your own choice
Migrations should exist to set up the database
A readme should be provided with instructions on how to run the project & tests


Endpoints

Endpoints
Notes
Create a new user
Minimum required attributes username
password
email
Login
Be creative with which solution you choose to manage authentication but be mindful of industry best practises
Create a new tiger
Minimum required attributes Name






Date of birth
Last seen timestamp
Last seen cordinates (Lat/lon)
List all tigers
Should be sorted by the last time the tigers was seen.
Create a new sighting of a tiger
Minimum required attributes Lat / Lon
Timestamp
Add support for uploading an image that is resized to 250x200

Requirement
Submitting a new sighting should only be possible if a tiger is not within 5 kilometres of its previous sighting regardless of who reported that sighting.

Provie an error that can be easily used by frontend if this happens.
List all sightings of a tiger
Should be sorted by date (Latest first)


Guidelines
When doing this project, we are evaluating your ability to provide us with high-quality production-ready code that we can expect from you when you join our team, so make sure this assignment reflects that!
Please commit often and with good git commit messages. This will allow us to see how you've approached the problem. Don't worry about changing things around often.
Don’t hesitate to ask questions if you’re uncertain about the task or if anything else is unclear.
